Teradek Vidiu Pro is fully compatible with Ant Media Server 1.2.0+ Let’s
have a look at step by step how to use Teradek Vidiu Pro for streaming,
firstly start by powering the Teradek Vidiu Pro

Step 1 : Connect to Teradek Vidiu Pro WiFi Network.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It creates a WiFi network with name VidiU−XXXXX. Connect that network
with your computer and go to the 172.16.1.1 on your browser.

.. figure:: https://ant-media.github.io/Ant-Media-Server/doc/images/vidiu_pro_console.png
   :alt: Connect Teradek’s WiFi Network

   Connect Teradek’s WiFi Network

Click “Settings” button on the top right and then click “Network” item
in the screen.

.. figure:: https://ant-media.github.io/Ant-Media-Server/doc/images/configure_vidiu_network_button.png
   :alt: Configure Network Settings of Teradek Vidiu

   Configure Network Settings of Teradek Vidiu

Step 2 :Configure Wireless Network Connection of Teradek Vidiu Pro
------------------------------------------------------------------

Click the WiFi item. Choose “Client” mode and Click “Browse” button to
lookup the WiFi networks around.

.. figure:: https://ant-media.github.io/Ant-Media-Server/doc/images/set_vidiu_pro_wifi_connectivity.png
   :alt: Configure WiFi of Teradek Vidiu

   Configure WiFi of Teradek Vidiu

Choose the WiFi you would like Teradek Vidiu Pro to connect from the
list.

.. figure:: https://ant-media.github.io/Ant-Media-Server/doc/images/choose_wifi_for_vidiu_pro.png
   :alt: Choose WiFi from list on Teradek Vidiu

   Choose WiFi from list on Teradek Vidiu

Enter the password of the WiFi network and click “Apply” button on the
top right

Restart Teradek Vidiu Pro

Connect to the same wireless network on your computer and check the IP
address of the Teradek Vidiu Pro from device’s LED screen. Press Menu
button on the device. Menu button is a joystick button as well. So go to
the Network Settings > WiFi > Info to see the IP address of the device

Sometimes you may need to power off / on the Teradek Vidiu Pro.

Step 3 :Configure Broadcasting Settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Click the “Broadcast” item on the Settings screen

.. figure:: https://ant-media.github.io/Ant-Media-Server/doc/images/configure_broadcasting_settings_vidiu_pro.png
   :alt: Configure broadcast settings of Teradek Vidiu

   Configure broadcast settings of Teradek Vidiu

Choose “Manual” from Mode then Enter Ant Media Server address to “RTMP
Server URL” and write name of the stream to “Stream” box

.. figure:: https://ant-media.github.io/Ant-Media-Server/doc/images/write_ant_media_server_url_to_vidiu_pro.png
   :alt: Write Ant Media Server URL on Teradek Vidiu Pro broadcast
   configuration

   Write Ant Media Server URL on Teradek Vidiu Pro broadcast
   configuration

Click “Apply” button on the top right again

.. figure:: https://ant-media.github.io/Ant-Media-Server/doc/images/apply_settings_vidiu_pro.png
   :alt: Save broadcast settings of Teradek Vidiu Pro

   Save broadcast settings of Teradek Vidiu Pro

Your device configuration is OK now.

Step 4 : Start Broadcasting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Connect the HDMI cable between HDMI source (camera, television or
computer) and Teradek Vidiu Pro HDMI.

Wait until to see the “Ready” text appears on the right top of Teradek
Vidiu Pro’s LED screen. Then press “Start/Stop” button on the device, a
message appears on the device asking confirmation about starting the
broadcast. Press “Yes” and then broadcasting starts.

Ant Media Server accepts that broadcast and can perform adaptive
streaming, recording and publishing to any other 3rd party RTMP server
as usual.

When you are done about broadcasting, you can press “Start/Stop” button
again to stop the broadcasting
